1. We can have IoT enabled Air conditioners, so whenever we are coming back home we can start the AC's before hqnd so that the room gets cold before you enter.
2. IoT enabled blinds (curtains). We could add modes. MODE1:- More light (whenever it senses sunlight it opens curtains), MODE2:- Less Light (whenever it senses light it closes blinds).
3. Oven, we can preheat the oven if we are going to use it.
4. garage doors, whenever it senses a car nearby it opens the door.
5. fitness bands,track the distance travelled ,calories burned etc.
6. Refridgerators, you can have sensors in particular sections which can send a notification if you are running  out of stuff.
7. Lights, if it detects you walk in it switches on and stays on untill it detects you leave the room(or sleep).
8. cars, it can drive on its own  ith the help of different sensors.
9. traffic light, it should be able to detect the number of cars and add/reduce the time on the signal.
10. traffic monitoring, we can see which road has more traffic in google maps. this helps us take another route
11. any simple gadgets (like a clock) should send us a signal when the battery is about to finish.
12. In agriculture, it can detect the pH level of the soil and help us identify which chemicals to add to make it ideal for plant growth.
13. Room keys, in hotels you just have a sensor as a key which if you tap on the door with , the door opens.
14. managing leaks in pipes, in any pipe if there is a leak it is extremely difficult to find the exact place where the leak has occured but with IoT sensors we can easily pinpoint the location.
15. TV remotes(it already uses IoT sensors but), we can add voice recognition on it so that wwe can search the channel/movie through voice.
16. We can add temperature sensors in airport scanners, so we can also find out if the patient is sick/ has some disease.
17. Flood detection, in coastal regions if informed about floods before hand it can save lakhs of lives.
18. Sports, we can add sesnsors in tennis rackets/cricket bats so we can see the statistics of each shot.
19. Devices like amazon echo/google home use IoT for a lot of stuff including playing music, giving you notifications etc.
20. Key sensor, For some reason the keys keep running away, we can just add a sensor to track their location.